README.md, before:

Nowhere
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere)


## About

Installation notes can be found below.

(will probably be) Deployed on heroku
  * Master - http://goingnowhere.herokuapp.com
  * Dev - http://goingnowhere-dev.herokuapp.com

[Log to STDIO](https://github.com/heroku/rails_stdout_logging)


## Test it

```sh
bundle exec rake
# Or if you want the tests to re-run on file changes...
bundle exec guard
```


## Run it

```sh
bundle exec rails s
open http://localhost:3000/
```


## Analyse it

```sh
bundle exec sandi_meter
bundle exec flay .
```


## Setup

This setup presumes OSX, because I'm too lazy to type Linux stuff. Kinda silly,
as I'm typing this on Linux.

```sh
# Get the project directory
cd ~/wherever/you/keep/your/projects/
git clone https://github.com/JenBerry/nowhere
cd nowhere

# Install ruby version manager
brew update
brew install rbenv ruby-build
echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bash_profile

# Restart shell to make rbenv avalible
bash

# Install ruby 
rbenv install $(cat .ruby-version)

# Install ruby deps
gem install bundler
bundle install --no-document

# Setup the databases
#   You've got a postgres server running, right?
bundle exec rake db:create
bundle exec rake db:migrate

# Run the server
bundle exec rails server
open http://localhost:3000/
```


## Spring

This app uses Spring, which is a tool that makes Rails applications load
faster, but it might prevent backend code from reloading correctly.

If you think your application is running old code, run `spring stop`. And if
you'd rather not use spring, add `DISABLE_SPRING=1` to your login file.


## Notes

* [Email validator](https://github.com/balexand/email_validator)
* [Rack Canonical Host](https://github.com/tylerhunt/rack-canonical-host)
* [High Voltage Static pages](https://github.com/thoughtbot/high_voltage)
* [Bullet query profiler](https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet)

Commit message:

Docs: Update dev installation instructions

README.md, after:

Nowhere
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/nowhere-nobodies/nowhere)


## About

Installation notes can be found below.

(will probably be) Deployed on heroku
  * Master - http://goingnowhere.herokuapp.com
  * Dev - http://goingnowhere-dev.herokuapp.com

[Log to STDIO](https://github.com/heroku/rails_stdout_logging)


## Test it

```sh
bundle exec rake
# Or if you want the tests to re-run on file changes...
bundle exec guard
```


## Run it

```sh
bundle exec rails s
open http://localhost:3000/
```


## Analyse it

```sh
bundle exec sandi_meter
bundle exec flay .
```


## Setup

This setup presumes OSX, and also presumes you do not have a Ruby development
environment set up on your machine.

Open an issue if you would like instructions for another platform, i.e. Linux.

```sh
# Fork the project with the github website...

# Get the project directory
cd ~/wherever/you/keep/your/projects/
git clone git@github.com:YOUR-USERNAME/nowhere.git
cd nowhere

# Install rbenv, the ruby environment manager
brew update
brew install rbenv ruby-build
echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bash_profile

# Restart shell to make rbenv avalible
bash

# Install ruby 
rbenv install $(cat .ruby-version)

# Install node.js
brew install node

# Install ruby deps
gem install bundler
bundle install --no-document

# Setup the databases
#   You've got a postgres server running, right?
bundle exec rake db:create
bundle exec rake db:migrate

# Run the server
bundle exec rails server
open http://localhost:3000/
```


## Spring

This app uses Spring, which is a tool that makes Rails applications load
faster, but it might prevent backend code from reloading correctly.

If you think your application is running old code, run `spring stop`. And if
you'd rather not use spring, add `DISABLE_SPRING=1` to your login file.


## Notes

* [Email validator](https://github.com/balexand/email_validator)
* [Rack Canonical Host](https://github.com/tylerhunt/rack-canonical-host)
* [High Voltage Static pages](https://github.com/thoughtbot/high_voltage)
* [Bullet query profiler](https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet)
